Then dare to ask my lord, is Lao Han Li really frugal?
Yes, I have visited in the countryside.
It really is.
Did Old Man Li beat up Liu Neng?
No old man Li is honest
Never argue with people
Liu Neng, what else do you have to say?
Old man Li beats people at home
My grandmother, Li Bigfoot, was also beaten
Outsiders don't know.
Hmph if so
How can neighbors not know
I think you are lying
My lord, my father did beat me a lot to agree with me
Just out of compassion
It's not good to talk about domestic ugliness outside
Humph
Adults and students to find out the truth
Liu Nengyin's belongings to Lao Han Li
When I got home, I lied about it being given by others
So this silver originally belonged to Old Man Li
Wronged, my lord
Sir, what do you think of this case?
I guess so.
What do you say, Qin Feng?
No, Zheng Qing has joined hands to solve the case
No matter what the big brother said in the end
well-founded
Twice in the world
Will definitely lose
Qin Feng, why don't you speak?
Could it be that you want to admit defeat?
Joke
If all the officials in the world solve cases like you do
I don't know how many injustices there will be